'\" te
.\" بسم الله
.\" Copyright (c) 2022, Asserter, Org. All Rights Reserved.
.TH ge_all 3c "1 Dec 2022" "SunOS 5.11" "C Library Functions"
.SH NAME
ge_all \- generate all
.SH SYNOPSIS
.LP
.nf
#include <ge.h>

\fBchar\fR \fBge_char_all\fR();
.fi

.LP
.nf
\fBshort\fR \fBge_shrt_all\fR();
.fi

.LP
.nf
\fBint\fR \fBge_int_all\fR();
.fi

.LP
.nf
\fBlong\fR \fBge_long_all\fR();
.fi

.LP
.nf
\fBlong long\fR \fBge_llong_all\fR();
.fi

.LP
.nf
\fBunsigned char\fR \fBge_uchar_all\fR();
.fi

.LP
.nf
\fBunsigned short\fR \fBge_ushrt_all\fR();
.fi

.LP
.nf
\fBunsigned int\fR \fBge_uint_all\fR();
.fi

.LP
.nf
\fBunsigned long\fR \fBge_ulong_all\fR();
.fi

.LP
.nf
\fBunsigned long long\fR \fBge_ullong_all\fR();
.fi

.SH DESCRIPTION
.sp
.LP
The \fBge_char_all()\fR function generates a char value in all the \fICHAR_MIN\fR and \fICHAR_MAX\fR range.

.sp
.LP
The \fBge_shrt_all()\fR function generates a short value in all the \fISHRT_MIN\fR and \fISHORT_MAX\fR range.
.sp

.sp
.LP
The \fBge_int_all()\fR function generates an int value in all the \fIINT_MIN\fR and \fIINT_MAX\fR range.
.sp

.sp
.LP
The \fBge_long_all()\fR function generates a long value in all the \fILONG_MIN\fR and \fILONG_MAX\fR range.
.sp

.sp
.LP
The \fBge_llong_all()\fR function generates a long long value in all the \fILLONG_MIN\fR and \fILLONG_MAX\fR range.
.sp

.sp
.LP
The \fBge_uchar_all()\fR function generates an unsigned char value in all the \fI0\fR and \fIUCHAR_MAX\fR range.
.sp

.sp
.LP
The \fBge_ushrt_all()\fR function generates an unsigned short value in all the \fI0\fR and \fIUSHRT_MAX\fR range.
.sp

.sp
.LP
The \fBge_uint_all()\fR function generates an unsigned int value in all the \fI0\fR and \fIUINT_MAX\fR range.
.sp

.sp
.LP
The \fBge_ulong_all()\fR function generates an unsigned long value in all the \fI0\fR and \fIULONG_MAX\fR range.
.sp

.sp
.LP
The \fBge_ullong_all()\fR function generates an unsigned long long value in all the \fI0\fR and \fIULLONG_MAX\fR range.
.sp

.SH RETURN VALUES
.sp
.LP
The family of ge_all() functions is considered to be always successfull and the functions return generated values described above.

.SH ATTRIBUTES
.sp
.LP
See \fBattributes\fR(5) for descriptions of the following attributes:
.sp

.sp
.TS
tab(@) box;
cw(2.75i) |cw(2.75i)
lw(2.75i) |lw(2.75i)
.
ATTRIBUTE TYPE@ATTRIBUTE VALUE
_
Interface Stability@Committed
_
MT-Level@Safe
_
Standard@None
.TE

.SH SEE ALSO
.sp
.LP
\fBge_all_ex\fR(3C), \fBge\fR(3C), \fBge_ex\fR(3C)

.SH AUTHOR
Maintained by Ali Muhammed <uniapi@outlook.com>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2022 Asserter, Org.
.PP
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the Open Software License ("\s-1OSL\s0"), Version 3.0
